docs: add backup retention policy (#537)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/disaster-recovery/backup-retention-policy.md

---
title: Backup Retention Policy
---

If you have enabled automatic backup for a database, Bytebase will automatically backup the database at the configured schedule. If you have not enabled the [cloud backup feature](/docs/disaster-recovery/backup-restore-database/cloud-backup), the local disk will be gradually filled up. Retention policy can solve this problem by regularly deleting the unused old backups.

## Configuration

### Step 1 - Enable automatic backup

If you have not enabled automatic backup for the database, click the "Enable backup" button. Otherwise, click the "Edit" button.

![enable-backup](/docs/en/disaster-recovery/retention-policy/retention-policy-step-1.webp)

### Step 2 - Set retention period

> Set the days you want to preserve the backup. Bytebase will automatically delete the expired backups after the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the days you want to preserve the backup. Bytebase will automatically delete the expired backups after the configured retention period.
```
